---
tags:
  - "#Article"
  - "#pamamanhikan"
  - Blog
---
# Ooh... Wedding Bells...

I recently read a tweet from an acquaintance of mine that contains "pamamanhikan." For the non-Filipinos out there, it is one of our country's tradition wherein the guy's family will visit the girl's family to ask the parents of the girl for her hand. It happens after the girl said "yes" to the guy's proposal of marriage. During the present times, the "yes" means you're already engaged. But way back in olden times, the permission of the parents are required.

Going back to her tweet... I checked her previous posts and her timeline showed that she really is engaged to her boyfriend.

She happens to be a barkada of one of my closest lady friend. I sent a text message to our common friend -- conceding.

More than a year ago, I fearlessly predicted their breakup. She seemed like she's determined when she said that she couldn't see herself living a lifetime in our country. She already had her family in the states and she's only waiting for their petition / process or whatever to be approved. And the guy seemed like a jerk. So I thought that no matter how much she liked the guy, she won't let him be a hindrance to her goal.

Their breakup inevitable. It should be. But I was flat wrong.

I believed my arguments are heavily backed by facts. But now, I'm stumped. What happened made me look back and wonder if I was really being rational back then.

Maybe I was wrong about my personality assessment on both parties. Maybe her will about the goal she mentioned is not as strong as I thought it was. Maybe the guy is not really a dick. It's just that her friends related to me as if he's a dick because they have this all-out-war policy on guys who hurt one of theirs (and I still adore them.) And I also happen to have this dick mentality. So I thought he is a dick. And maybe we were wrong about that. Maybe he really is a nice person, otherwise she wouldn't be attracted to him. And, yeah, maybe we/I need to trust her judgement, knowing she's a smart girl and all.

Whatever. And congratulations! :)
