---
tags:
  - "#Article"
  - "#Starmobile"
  - Blog
---
# New Phone

Lately, I have been thinking of buying a new phone. I actually like something from Samsung's Note series but I might go for Starmobile's X1 because of the following reasons:

1\. To support a local company.
2\. It's cheaper than other gadgets on par with its specs. Plus it has good reviews.
3\. It has dual-sim capability and I'm kind of against giving up my 2 sim cards: My data sim from Sun Broadband, because it does not have data cap like Smart and Globe. And my Globe Prepaid sim because I don't really consume that much to consider subscribing to a plan and I want to keep my current number.

I am also hesitant in getting a new phone, though.

1\. I don't want to be hooked up on technology. I'm not a fan of spending a lot of time on social networks but I find myself doing it. If I don't have a new phone, I will be forced to not be always online.
2\. I believe I only need a phone that I can use for texting, calling, and backing up my messages.
3\. Buying a new phone means dishing out cash.
4\. Faster phones means shorter battery life.

But I really believe I need a new phone. Here's a list of my reasons on getting one:

1\. I can play Clash of Clans even when I'm not at home. I will no longer run out of resources because I can raid everytime my troops training is done. I will also be able to build whenever a builder is available. And I can do the "Four Finger Fighting." (Look it up on YouTube)
2\. Everything runs slow on my phone.
3\. A new phone usually comes with a headset. My current headset might not last another week.
4\. My current phone is acting up. A lot of USB cables don't work on my phone anymore. So, I'm now having trouble when charging it or when I'm backing up my messages. I'm worried that there might come a time when it will no longer work and I'd go through hell just to be able to backup my messages.

It's always the last reason that makes the decision.
