---
tags:
  - "#Article"
  - "#ABS-CBN"
  - Blog
Date Created: 2020-07-23
Day Created: Thrusday
---
# iWant

Last night, I installed the iWant app. The last time I've used their platform was around 2015-2016, when I was going gaga over Liza Soberano's beautiful face. I was alternating between my goddaughter's show and Liza's. It was a poorly designed streaming website at that time with crappy video quality so I had low expectations with the app.

It turned out that it's not that bad. The application has some bugs when minimizing and then putting it back. But overall, it's also pretty responsive. Something I didn't expect from a local streaming service.

It's also a treasure trove of contents that would satisfy the Philippine general populace. You can watch episodes of TV series that we're produced by the network, films (even those under "Bomba" category), foreign films, online series, documentaries, and a lot more -- from old ones to new ones.

I've indulged myself into watching FPJ's "Pepeng Kaliwete" and "Okey Ka Fairy Ko." The videos were literally darker than the modern movies due to the degraded quality and that's understandable. I also have other commentaries on the dated plots and production, but that's for another post.

I didn't subscribe to a plan because I was only supposed to check the app. Despite that, the free version is already loaded with videos that will last you a lifetime. I would also like to note that I didn't skip the ads to show support for the company's current struggle with the government.

One thing that I think would need an improvement is the presentation of the content. There's a huge ad at the home page that I believe could have been better placed elsewhere. You can also view fewer thumbnails than the popular streaming apps. It would have been more enticing for the viewers if they can be shown more of what they can consume. Another thing is they should make use of data analysis to determine the user's preferences. 

On TV series. I think it's good that they made the older ones available. But, in order to compete, they now need to produce new ones that has better quality and with fixed number of episodes. It's long overdue, delayed by the Pinoy television culture of monetizing on popularity. It is time. It's not like you still have the same advertisers as before. As much as I loved "Palibhasa Lalake" I'm not gonna binge watch all of its episodes.

Although there is already a lot, I believe they still need to add more content. Increase in content means more potential users of the app. Since it would be difficult for the company to produce new ones due to the current situation, they could ask independent content creators (vlogs, podcasts, etc.) to use their platform, maybe with shared revenues on ads. Those have been existing for years now, but I believe majority still aren't aware of them and iWant would be a good introduction.

The app also needs to be promoted. They need better presence on social media. They can spend on ads targeting specific region at first and then expand if everything works out.

TLDR: The iWant app is an underrated streaming platform. It has great content, albeit badly presented. And the app still has a lot of potential. They also need to promote it.

Disclaimer: I used to work in [[ABS-CBN]], which is why I'm a bit invested. I'm in IT industry so I have an idea on how some things work. But I also don't have proper credentials on mobile app creation, content production, and marketing. This means that my views might not be as credible and are largely formulated by how little I know.
