---
tags:
  - Missive
  - Article
  - Blog
Date Created: 2026-04-14
Day Created: Tuesday
---
# Volatile

Hi Archiver,

I got a secret: I am not that attracted to my partner. This is damning and I am going to take this to the grave.

It's not that I don't love her. I do. I care a lot about her. If I were to choose between all the women in the world, I would be choosing her.

I was attracted to her when I first met her. We went out for a few dates. We also went out of town. It's just died sooner. In my defense, it's pretty common for me to be attracted to girls. Then everything fizzles out the moment I get to know them. 

Something I feel guilty about is I never had the feeling of having butterflies in my stomach the whole time I was with her. I never felt giddy or kilig. And I feel bad knowing that because I believe she deserves more.

Yet I chose her. Heck, we even got married and got a kid. I'm not sure if others would understand but that is a huge ass of credits if you were able to pin me down like this. The reason is probably because she is stable --  a much needed factor for someone as fragile as I am. 

I am radioactive. I tend to fall hard. I get lovesick and I'm like an insecure teenager again. And whenever I recognize the pattern, I hesitate for a bit and eventually jump shouting YOLO. I implode. I self-sabotage. 

And I think that's the reason why we work out. There's not much energy to spend when I am with her. No bursting out. No impulsive decisions. Always rational. I even got a daughter now as additional harness.

But sometimes, something breaks. Someone I am attracted to comes along and I go crazy. A situation comes along that makes me understand how people become cheaters. And I had to tie myself up until my mind clears up. Then hope that the next episode will come at a much, much later time.
